[Music]
[Music] then Moses gathered all the congregation
then Moses gathered all the congregation
then Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together these
of the children of Israel together these
of the children of Israel together these are the words which the Lord has
are the words which the Lord has
are the words which the Lord has commanded me to do work shall be done
commanded me to do work shall be done
commanded me to do work shall be done for six days but the seventh day shall
for six days but the seventh day shall
for six days but the seventh day shall be a holy day for you a Sabbath of rest
be a holy day for you a Sabbath of rest
be a holy day for you a Sabbath of rest to the Lord
to the Lord
to the Lord whoever does any work on it shall be put
whoever does any work on it shall be put
whoever does any work on it shall be put to death
to death
to death you shall Kindle no fire throughout your
you shall Kindle no fire throughout your
you shall Kindle no fire throughout your dwellings and Moses spoke to all the
dwellings and Moses spoke to all the
dwellings and Moses spoke to all the congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel
congregation of the children of Israel this is the thing which the LORD
this is the thing which the LORD
this is the thing which the LORD commanded saying take from among you and
commanded saying take from among you and
commanded saying take from among you and offering to the Lord whoever is of a
offering to the Lord whoever is of a
offering to the Lord whoever is of a willing heart let him bring it as an
willing heart let him bring it as an
willing heart let him bring it as an offering
offering
offering [Music]
[Music]
[Music] gold silver in the bronze blue purple
gold silver in the bronze blue purple
gold silver in the bronze blue purple and scarlet thread fine linen and goats
and scarlet thread fine linen and goats
and scarlet thread fine linen and goats hair Rams skins dyed red badger skins
hair Rams skins dyed red badger skins
hair Rams skins dyed red badger skins and acacia wood oil for the light and
and acacia wood oil for the light and
and acacia wood oil for the light and spices for the anointing oil and for the
spices for the anointing oil and for the
spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense Onyx stones and stones to
sweet incense Onyx stones and stones to
sweet incense Onyx stones and stones to be set in the ephod
be set in the ephod
be set in the ephod in the breastplate all who are gifted
in the breastplate all who are gifted
in the breastplate all who are gifted artisans among you shall come and make
artisans among you shall come and make
artisans among you shall come and make all that the Lord has commanded the
all that the Lord has commanded the
all that the Lord has commanded the tabernacle its tent its covering its
tabernacle its tent its covering its
tabernacle its tent its covering its clasps its boards its bars its pillars
clasps its boards its bars its pillars
clasps its boards its bars its pillars and its sockets the ark and its poles
and its sockets the ark and its poles
and its sockets the ark and its poles with the mercy seat and the veil of the
with the mercy seat and the veil of the
with the mercy seat and the veil of the covering the table and it's poles all
covering the table and it's poles all
covering the table and it's poles all its utensils and the showbread also the
its utensils and the showbread also the
its utensils and the showbread also the Lambs stand for the light its utensils
Lambs stand for the light its utensils
Lambs stand for the light its utensils its lamps and the oil for the light the
its lamps and the oil for the light the
its lamps and the oil for the light the incense altar its poles the anointing
incense altar its poles the anointing
incense altar its poles the anointing oil the sweet incense and the screen for
oil the sweet incense and the screen for
oil the sweet incense and the screen for the door at the entrance of the
the door at the entrance of the
the door at the entrance of the tabernacle the altar of burnt-offering
tabernacle the altar of burnt-offering
tabernacle the altar of burnt-offering with its bronze grating its poles all
with its bronze grating its poles all
with its bronze grating its poles all its utensils and the labor and its base
its utensils and the labor and its base
its utensils and the labor and its base the hangings of the court
the hangings of the court
the hangings of the court it's pillars there sockets and the
it's pillars there sockets and the
it's pillars there sockets and the screen for the gate of the court the
screen for the gate of the court the
screen for the gate of the court the pegs of the tabernacle the pegs of the
pegs of the tabernacle the pegs of the
pegs of the tabernacle the pegs of the court and their cords the garments of
court and their cords the garments of
court and their cords the garments of ministry for ministering in the holy
ministry for ministering in the holy
ministry for ministering in the holy place the holy garments for aaron the
place the holy garments for aaron the
place the holy garments for aaron the priests and the garments of the sons to
priests and the garments of the sons to
priests and the garments of the sons to minister as priests and all the
minister as priests and all the
minister as priests and all the congregation of the children of israel
congregation of the children of israel
congregation of the children of israel departed from the presence of moses and
departed from the presence of moses and
departed from the presence of moses and everyone came whose heart was stirred
everyone came whose heart was stirred
everyone came whose heart was stirred but everyone whose spirit was willing
but everyone whose spirit was willing
but everyone whose spirit was willing and they brought the lord's offering for
and they brought the lord's offering for
and they brought the lord's offering for the work of the tabernacle of meeting
the work of the tabernacle of meeting
the work of the tabernacle of meeting for all its service and for the holy
for all its service and for the holy
for all its service and for the holy garments they came both men and women as
garments they came both men and women as
garments they came both men and women as many as had a willing heart and brought
many as had a willing heart and brought
many as had a willing heart and brought earrings and nose rings rings and
earrings and nose rings rings and
earrings and nose rings rings and necklaces all jewelry of gold that is
necklaces all jewelry of gold that is
necklaces all jewelry of gold that is every man who made an offering of gold
every man who made an offering of gold
every man who made an offering of gold to the lord and every man with whom was
to the lord and every man with whom was
to the lord and every man with whom was found blue purple and scarlet thread
found blue purple and scarlet thread
found blue purple and scarlet thread fine linen and goats redskins of rams
fine linen and goats redskins of rams
fine linen and goats redskins of rams and badger skins brought them every one
and badger skins brought them every one
and badger skins brought them every one who offered an offering of silver or
who offered an offering of silver or
who offered an offering of silver or bronze brought the lord's offering and
bronze brought the lord's offering and
bronze brought the lord's offering and everyone with whom was found acacia wood
everyone with whom was found acacia wood
everyone with whom was found acacia wood for any work of service brought it all
for any work of service brought it all
for any work of service brought it all the women who were gifted artisans spun
the women who were gifted artisans spun
the women who were gifted artisans spun yarn with their hands and brought what
yarn with their hands and brought what
yarn with their hands and brought what they had spun of blue purple and scarlet
they had spun of blue purple and scarlet
they had spun of blue purple and scarlet and fine linen and all the women whose
and fine linen and all the women whose
and fine linen and all the women whose hearts stirred with wisdom spun yarn of
hearts stirred with wisdom spun yarn of
hearts stirred with wisdom spun yarn of goods hair
goods hair
goods hair the rulers brought onyx stones and the
the rulers brought onyx stones and the
the rulers brought onyx stones and the stones to be set in the ephod and in the
stones to be set in the ephod and in the
stones to be set in the ephod and in the breastplate and spices and oil for the
breastplate and spices and oil for the
breastplate and spices and oil for the light for the anointing oil and for the
light for the anointing oil and for the
light for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense the children of Israel
sweet incense the children of Israel
sweet incense the children of Israel brought a free will offering to the Lord
brought a free will offering to the Lord
brought a free will offering to the Lord all the men and women whose hearts were
all the men and women whose hearts were
all the men and women whose hearts were willing to bring material for all kinds
willing to bring material for all kinds
willing to bring material for all kinds of work which the Lord by the hand of
of work which the Lord by the hand of
of work which the Lord by the hand of Moses had commanded to be done and Moses
Moses had commanded to be done and Moses
Moses had commanded to be done and Moses said to the children of Israel see the
said to the children of Israel see the
said to the children of Israel see the Lord has called my name
Lord has called my name
Lord has called my name Bezalel the son of Uriah the son of
Bezalel the son of Uriah the son of
Bezalel the son of Uriah the son of Earth of the tribe of Judah and he has
Earth of the tribe of Judah and he has
Earth of the tribe of Judah and he has filled him with the Spirit of God in
filled him with the Spirit of God in
filled him with the Spirit of God in wisdom and understanding in knowledge
wisdom and understanding in knowledge
wisdom and understanding in knowledge and all manner of workmanship to design
and all manner of workmanship to design
and all manner of workmanship to design artistic works to work in gold and soot
artistic works to work in gold and soot
artistic works to work in gold and soot and bronze in cutting jewels for seventh
and bronze in cutting jewels for seventh
and bronze in cutting jewels for seventh in carving wood and to work in all
in carving wood and to work in all
in carving wood and to work in all manner of artistic workmanship and he
manner of artistic workmanship and he
manner of artistic workmanship and he has put in his heart the ability to
has put in his heart the ability to
has put in his heart the ability to teach in him and a holly of the son of a
teach in him and a holly of the son of a
teach in him and a holly of the son of a hiss amok of the tribe of Dan
hiss amok of the tribe of Dan
hiss amok of the tribe of Dan he has filled them with skill to do all
he has filled them with skill to do all
he has filled them with skill to do all manner of work of the engraver and the
manner of work of the engraver and the
manner of work of the engraver and the designer and the tapestry maker in blue
designer and the tapestry maker in blue
designer and the tapestry maker in blue purple and scarlet thread and fine linen
purple and scarlet thread and fine linen
purple and scarlet thread and fine linen and of the Weaver those who do every
and of the Weaver those who do every
and of the Weaver those who do every work and those who design artistic works